automatic feeders for dogs and
cats with a capacity of 6 or 10 kilograms
made of galvanized sheet
optimal exterior and interior assembly
It has corners and unions
rounded to avoid scratches on the
skin
its powerful motor prevents the food
pond and its metal mechanism
allows support
has an internal clock so that the
feeder are not programmed if the
electrical network if they require it we design
feeders with noble system so that the
engine work if the network fails you can
install on the floor or hang it on the
wall
to activate the feeder press the
power button
The bid tells us the correct
operation to program the clock
internal press the menu button
on the screen it looks like clock
we press the set button to
select hours or minutes the cursor
flashes indicating the parameter is
selected
to increase or decrease the
values ​​press the buttons above or
down
to confirm the changes we press
menu to make
or programmable medium up to four times
a day the rations is defined
pressing menu on the screen
will appear the ration chosen for
modify our rations we press
the button set the cursor to start
blink at the selected value
we must program the seconds that
the engine and the schedule that will be active
will select the feeder
the engine can work from 0 to 30
seconds depending on the amount of
food that we need
with the buttons up or down
we increase or decrease the value of
selected parameter since this
program gives our ration and for
check the amount of food
we press the down arrow button
If necessary, we could increase or
decrease the seconds of operation
of the engine until adjusting the amount of
food we want